.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Related Issue
Please use one of the well-known [github fixes keywords](https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords) to reference
the issues fixed with this PR (eg Fixes #<github issue number>). If an issue doesn't yet exist please create one if reasonable to aid 
in issue tracking.

**NOTE**: For multiple issues resolved by this PR use the corresponding keywords **every time** in a comma-delimited list per the reference
page above.

## Description
Create a [descriptive title and provide all of the relevant details in the description](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/). 
This information lives with the code and will help future readers (***including yourself***) and will serve as documentation.

At the very least please describe the issue you are addressing, and what your fix entails. 

## How Verified
How you verified the fix, including one or all of the following: 
1. New unit tests that were added if any. If none were added please add a quick line explaining why not.
2. Existing relevant unit/regression tests that you ran
3. Manual scenario verification if any; ***Do include .gif's or screenshots of the testing you performed here if you think that it 
will aid in code reviews or corresponding fixes on other platforms for eg.***

Commit message:

Update pull request template to include section for sample card

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Related Issue
Please use one of the well-known [github fixes keywords](https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords) to reference
the issues fixed with this PR (eg Fixes #<github issue number>). If an issue doesn't yet exist please create one if reasonable to aid 
in issue tracking.

**NOTE**: For multiple issues resolved by this PR use the corresponding keywords **every time** in a comma-delimited list per the reference
page above.

## Description
Create a [descriptive title and provide all of the relevant details in the description](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/). 
This information lives with the code and will help future readers (***including yourself***) and will serve as documentation.

At the very least please describe the issue you are addressing, and what your fix entails. 

## Sample Card
If appropriate, please include a link to a card in one of the samples directories that can be used to validate this change. This can be an existing card or a card added with this PR.

## How Verified
How you verified the fix, including one or all of the following: 
1. New unit tests that were added if any. If none were added please add a quick line explaining why not.
2. Existing relevant unit/regression tests that you ran
3. Manual scenario verification if any; ***Do include .gif's or screenshots of the testing you performed here if you think that it 
will aid in code reviews or corresponding fixes on other platforms for eg.***
