specs/elements/Action.ToggleVisibility.md, before:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED: This section is auto-generated from schemas/adaptive-card.json. Do NOT add anything above this or edit anything inside, it MUST be the first thing in the document and will be overwritten. -->

# Action.ToggleVisibility

#### Introduced in version 1.2

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **type** | `"Action.ToggleVisibility"` | Yes | Must be `"Action.ToggleVisibility"`. | 1.2 |
| **targetElements** | `TargetElement[]` | No | The array of TargetElements | 1.2 |

**Inherited properties**

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **title** | `string` | No | Label for button or link that represents this action. | 1.2 |
| **iconUrl** | `uri` | No | Optional icon to be shown on the action in conjunction with the title. Supports data URI in version 1.2+ | 1.1 |
| **style** | `ActionStyle` | No | Controls the style of an Action, which influences how the action is displayed, spoken, etc. | 1.2 |
| **fallback** | `Action`, `FallbackOption` | No | Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met. | 1.2 |
| **requires** | `Dictionary<string>` | No | A series of key/value pairs indicating features that the item requires with corresponding minimum version. When a feature is missing or of insufficient version, fallback is triggered. | 1.2 |


## targetElements

The array of TargetElements

* **Type**: `TargetElement[]`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `TargetElement`
  * `string`


## style

Controls the style of an Action, which influences how the action is displayed, spoken, etc.

* **Type**: `ActionStyle`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"default"`: Action is displayed as normal
  * `"positive"`: Action is displayed with a positive style (typically the button becomes accent color)
  * `"destructive"`: Action is displayed with a destructive style (typically the button becomes red)


## fallback

Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met.

* **Type**: `Action`, `FallbackOption`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `Action.OpenUrl`
  * `Action.ShowCard`
  * `Action.Submit`
  * `Action.ToggleVisibility`
  * `"drop"`: Causes this element to be dropped immediately when unknown elements are encountered. The unknown element doesn't bubble up any higher.
<!-- END AUTO-GENERATED -->

## Rendering

See `ActionSet`.

When the user invokes this action, for each object in `targetElements`...

1. If the object is a string, up-convert it to a new `TargetElement` object, setting `TargetElement.elementId` = string.
1. Now the object should be a `TargetElement` object...
1. Look up the element using the `elementId`
	1. If not found, issue warning and continue to next in loop
1. If the `isVisible` property is NOT supplied, toggle the element's visibility
1. Else, if the `isVisible` property is supplied, set the element's visibility to the value of `isVisible`.

Commit message:

[Schema docs] Update schema to call out input validation issues and link to documentation.

specs/elements/Action.ToggleVisibility.md, after:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED: This section is auto-generated from schemas/adaptive-card.json. Do NOT add anything above this or edit anything inside, it MUST be the first thing in the document and will be overwritten. -->

# Action.ToggleVisibility

#### Introduced in version 1.2

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **type** | `"Action.ToggleVisibility"` | Yes | Must be `"Action.ToggleVisibility"`. | 1.2 |
| **targetElements** | `TargetElement[]` | No | The array of TargetElements. It is not recommended to include Input elements with validation under Action.Toggle due to confusion that can arise from invalid inputs that are not currently visible. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/adaptive-cards/authoring-cards/input-validation for more information. | 1.2 |

**Inherited properties**

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **title** | `string` | No | Label for button or link that represents this action. | 1.2 |
| **iconUrl** | `uri` | No | Optional icon to be shown on the action in conjunction with the title. Supports data URI in version 1.2+ | 1.1 |
| **style** | `ActionStyle` | No | Controls the style of an Action, which influences how the action is displayed, spoken, etc. | 1.2 |
| **fallback** | `Action`, `FallbackOption` | No | Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met. | 1.2 |
| **requires** | `Dictionary<string>` | No | A series of key/value pairs indicating features that the item requires with corresponding minimum version. When a feature is missing or of insufficient version, fallback is triggered. | 1.2 |


## targetElements

The array of TargetElements. It is not recommended to include Input elements with validation under Action.Toggle due to confusion that can arise from invalid inputs that are not currently visible. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/adaptive-cards/authoring-cards/input-validation for more information.

* **Type**: `TargetElement[]`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `TargetElement`
  * `string`


## style

Controls the style of an Action, which influences how the action is displayed, spoken, etc.

* **Type**: `ActionStyle`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"default"`: Action is displayed as normal
  * `"positive"`: Action is displayed with a positive style (typically the button becomes accent color)
  * `"destructive"`: Action is displayed with a destructive style (typically the button becomes red)


## fallback

Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met.

* **Type**: `Action`, `FallbackOption`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `Action.OpenUrl`
  * `Action.ShowCard`
  * `Action.Submit`
  * `Action.ToggleVisibility`
  * `"drop"`: Causes this element to be dropped immediately when unknown elements are encountered. The unknown element doesn't bubble up any higher.
<!-- END AUTO-GENERATED -->

## Rendering

See `ActionSet`.

When the user invokes this action, for each object in `targetElements`...

1. If the object is a string, up-convert it to a new `TargetElement` object, setting `TargetElement.elementId` = string.
1. Now the object should be a `TargetElement` object...
1. Look up the element using the `elementId`
	1. If not found, issue warning and continue to next in loop
1. If the `isVisible` property is NOT supplied, toggle the element's visibility
1. Else, if the `isVisible` property is supplied, set the element's visibility to the value of `isVisible`.
