specs/elements/Input.Text.md, before:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED: This section is auto-generated from schemas/adaptive-card.json. Do NOT add anything above this or edit anything inside, it MUST be the first thing in the document and will be overwritten. -->

# Input.Text

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **type** | `"Input.Text"` | Yes | Must be `"Input.Text"`. | 1.0 |
| **id** | `string` | Yes | Unique identifier for the value. Used to identify collected input when the Submit action is performed. | 1.0 |
| **isMultiline** | `boolean` | No | If `true`, allow multiple lines of input. | 1.0 |
| **maxLength** | `number` | No | Hint of maximum length characters to collect (may be ignored by some clients). | 1.0 |
| **placeholder** | `string` | No | Description of the input desired. Displayed when no text has been input. | 1.0 |
| **regex** | `string` | No | Regular expression indicating the required format of this text input. | 1.0 |
| **style** | `TextInputStyle` | No | Style hint for text input. | 1.0 |
| **inlineAction** | `ISelectAction` | No | The inline action for the input. Typically displayed to the right of the input. It is strongly recommended to provide an icon on the action (which will be displayed instead of the title of the action). | 1.2 |
| **value** | `string` | No | The initial value for this field. | 1.0 |

**Inherited properties**

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **errorMessage** | `string` | No | Error message to display when entered input is invalid | 1.3 |
| **isRequired** | `boolean` | No | Whether or not this input is required | 1.3 |
| **label** | `string`, `TextBlock`, `RichTextBlock` | No | Label for this input | 1.3 |
| **fallback** | `Element`, `FallbackOption` | No | Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met. | 1.2 |
| **height** | `BlockElementHeight` | No | Specifies the height of the element. | 1.1 |
| **separator** | `boolean` | No | When `true`, draw a separating line at the top of the element. | 1.0 |
| **spacing** | `Spacing` | No | Controls the amount of spacing between this element and the preceding element. | 1.0 |
| **isVisible** | `boolean` | No, default: `true` | If `false`, this item will be removed from the visual tree. | 1.2 |
| **requires** | `Dictionary<string>` | No | A series of key/value pairs indicating features that the item requires with corresponding minimum version. When a feature is missing or of insufficient version, fallback is triggered. | 1.2 |


## style

Style hint for text input.

* **Type**: `TextInputStyle`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"text"`
  * `"tel"`
  * `"url"`
  * `"email"`


## inlineAction

The inline action for the input. Typically displayed to the right of the input. It is strongly recommended to provide an icon on the action (which will be displayed instead of the title of the action).

* **Type**: `ISelectAction`
* **Version** : 1.2
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `Action.OpenUrl`
  * `Action.Submit`
  * `Action.ToggleVisibility`


## label

Label for this input

* **Type**: `string`, `TextBlock`, `RichTextBlock`
* **Version** : 1.3
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `string`
  * `TextBlock`
  * `RichTextBlock`


## fallback

Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met.

* **Type**: `Element`, `FallbackOption`
* **Version** : 1.2
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `ActionSet`
  * `ColumnSet`
  * `Container`
  * `FactSet`
  * `Image`
  * `ImageSet`
  * `Input.ChoiceSet`
  * `Input.Date`
  * `Input.Number`
  * `Input.Text`
  * `Input.Time`
  * `Input.Toggle`
  * `Media`
  * `RichTextBlock`
  * `TextBlock`
  * `"drop"`: Causes this element to be dropped immediately when unknown elements are encountered. The unknown element doesn't bubble up any higher.


## height

Specifies the height of the element.

* **Type**: `BlockElementHeight`
* **Version** : 1.1
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"auto"`: The height of the container will be determined by the height of its contents.
  * `"stretch"`: The container will stretch its height to the available remaining height of the parent container.


## spacing

Controls the amount of spacing between this element and the preceding element.

* **Type**: `Spacing`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"default"`
  * `"none"`
  * `"small"`
  * `"medium"`
  * `"large"`
  * `"extraLarge"`
  * `"padding"`
<!-- END AUTO-GENERATED -->

## Rendering

### Labels
The `label` property should be rendered above the input box. Clicking/tapping on the rendered label should put focus in the input box.

### Accessibility
The `label` property should be set as the accessibility text when present. If the `label` property is not present, the `placeholder` property should be used instead if present.

### Input Validation
 If the input has `isRequired` true, and the card has `showRequiredInputHints`, the input should be marked with a * in the host's `attention` color. The * should be placed on the label in the case where the label is set, and otherwise be placed next to the input box.
 
 The `regex`, `isRequired`, and `maxLength` properties should be validated for this input type. If possible, `maxLength` should be enforced by providing a control that does not allow the user to enter more than the maximum number of characters. For the other properties (and for `maxLength` if that's not possible), the validation should take place as follows:
 
 - Validate the input when it loses focus for the first time.
 - Once the field has been marked invalid, validate on each keystroke so the user can see when it becomes valid.

 If the input does not pass validation, it should be outlined in the host's `attention` color, and the `errorMessage` should be displayed below the input.

Commit message:

[Spec][InputEvolution]Update schema and documentation files to match the latest spec (#4255)
* Update schema and documentation files to match the latest spec

* Update to remove documentation of optional suffixes as they are not supported.

* Update with latest design decisions

* Regenerate the schema file

specs/elements/Input.Text.md, after:

<!-- AUTO-GENERATED: This section is auto-generated from schemas/adaptive-card.json. Do NOT add anything above this or edit anything inside, it MUST be the first thing in the document and will be overwritten. -->

# Input.Text

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **type** | `"Input.Text"` | Yes | Must be `"Input.Text"`. | 1.0 |
| **id** | `string` | Yes | Unique identifier for the value. Used to identify collected input when the Submit action is performed. | 1.0 |
| **isMultiline** | `boolean` | No | If `true`, allow multiple lines of input. | 1.0 |
| **maxLength** | `number` | No | Hint of maximum length characters to collect (may be ignored by some clients). | 1.0 |
| **placeholder** | `string` | No | Description of the input desired. Displayed when no text has been input. | 1.0 |
| **regex** | `string` | No | Regular expression indicating the required format of this text input. | 1.0 |
| **style** | `TextInputStyle` | No | Style hint for text input. | 1.0 |
| **inlineAction** | `ISelectAction` | No | The inline action for the input. Typically displayed to the right of the input. It is strongly recommended to provide an icon on the action (which will be displayed instead of the title of the action). | 1.2 |
| **value** | `string` | No | The initial value for this field. | 1.0 |

**Inherited properties**

| Property | Type | Required | Description | Version |
| -------- | ---- | -------- | ----------- | ------- |
| **errorMessage** | `string` | No | Error message to display when entered input is invalid | 1.3 |
| **isRequired** | `boolean` | No | Whether or not this input is required | 1.3 |
| **label** | `string` | No | Label for this input | 1.3 |
| **fallback** | `Element`, `FallbackOption` | No | Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met. | 1.2 |
| **height** | `BlockElementHeight` | No | Specifies the height of the element. | 1.1 |
| **separator** | `boolean` | No | When `true`, draw a separating line at the top of the element. | 1.0 |
| **spacing** | `Spacing` | No | Controls the amount of spacing between this element and the preceding element. | 1.0 |
| **isVisible** | `boolean` | No, default: `true` | If `false`, this item will be removed from the visual tree. | 1.2 |
| **requires** | `Dictionary<string>` | No | A series of key/value pairs indicating features that the item requires with corresponding minimum version. When a feature is missing or of insufficient version, fallback is triggered. | 1.2 |


## style

Style hint for text input.

* **Type**: `TextInputStyle`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"text"`
  * `"tel"`
  * `"url"`
  * `"email"`


## inlineAction

The inline action for the input. Typically displayed to the right of the input. It is strongly recommended to provide an icon on the action (which will be displayed instead of the title of the action).

* **Type**: `ISelectAction`
* **Version** : 1.2
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `Action.OpenUrl`
  * `Action.Submit`
  * `Action.ToggleVisibility`


## fallback

Describes what to do when an unknown element is encountered or the requires of this or any children can't be met.

* **Type**: `Element`, `FallbackOption`
* **Version** : 1.2
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `ActionSet`
  * `ColumnSet`
  * `Container`
  * `FactSet`
  * `Image`
  * `ImageSet`
  * `Input.ChoiceSet`
  * `Input.Date`
  * `Input.Number`
  * `Input.Text`
  * `Input.Time`
  * `Input.Toggle`
  * `Media`
  * `RichTextBlock`
  * `TextBlock`
  * `"drop"`: Causes this element to be dropped immediately when unknown elements are encountered. The unknown element doesn't bubble up any higher.


## height

Specifies the height of the element.

* **Type**: `BlockElementHeight`
* **Version** : 1.1
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"auto"`: The height of the container will be determined by the height of its contents.
  * `"stretch"`: The container will stretch its height to the available remaining height of the parent container.


## spacing

Controls the amount of spacing between this element and the preceding element.

* **Type**: `Spacing`
* **Required**: No
* **Allowed values**:
  * `"default"`
  * `"none"`
  * `"small"`
  * `"medium"`
  * `"large"`
  * `"extraLarge"`
  * `"padding"`
<!-- END AUTO-GENERATED -->

## Rendering

### Labels
The `label` property should be rendered above the input box if present. Clicking/tapping on the rendered label should put focus in the input box. 

The `color`, `isSubtle`, `size`, and `weight` properties provided in the host config under `"inputs":"label":"requiredInputs"` for inputs with `"isRequired":true`, and under `"inputs":"label":"optionalInputs"` for inputs with `"isRequired":false` should be respected. The spacing between the label and the input should be set to the value of `inputSpacing` specified in those same locations in host config.

### Accessibility
The `label` property should be set as the accessibility text when present. If the `label` property is not present, the `placeholder` property should be used instead if present.

### Input Validation

 If the input has `"isRequired":true` the label of the input should be marked with the `"inputs":"label":"requiredInputs":"suffix"` value from the host config, or with a * by default. If a required input does not have a label, the suffix should not be used and a warning should be returned.
 
 The `regex`, `isRequired`, and `maxLength` properties should be validated for this input type. If possible, `maxLength` should be enforced by providing a control that does not allow the user to enter more than the maximum number of characters. For the other properties (and for `maxLength` if not enforced by the control), the validation should take place when the user activates a submit action on the card.

 If the input does not pass validation, it should be outlined in the host's `attention` color, and the `errorMessage` should be displayed below the input in the host's `attention` color. If an error message is not present and a property validated by input validation is set, a warning should be returned.
